todos / bugs:

general:
add a quick summary after every request, including tools. for example, after "show me my calendar for this week" alfred should response, "absolutely, heres your calendar for the week. [quick summary such as] looks pretty light, you've got one event on monday, and two on saturday." 
    this will make it more like a helpful assistant. 
generate a todo list needs better UI
summarize this week needs better UI
    adding default styling to responses. this will solve the two above, and many other problems. having some basic fall back for outputs. 
edit button doesnt disappear fast enough. when i put in a new command, edit button should disappear, not wait until the system outputs a new command
similar thing - output should disappear once a new request gets sent, not once a new output is generated. 
file manager needs some work. both with output and acutally finding files. find my resume doesnt work
file manager can find some things, but need to improve UI. i.e. show downloads from the last 7 days
folder navigation needs improving
    also prob gonna need to fix the UI
better error handling for timeouts
typing thing for immediate responses

specific:
weekly weather pulls a weird order. it should always have today at the first block, then the next 6 days after. 
schedule Dentist on August 17 at 7pm doesnt do the right time, probably a different timezone issue. 
update calendar events has lots of bugs (only text given commands - update button works)
show my events for July 24 doesnt work, just blank. too far in advance. 
alfred still cant find projects. issue with project finder / file manager / project launcher. "No folders or files found."
open my resume doesnt work. tries to open src folder,   No folders or files found. i dont think alfred has access to downloads or Desktop
add attachments. attach a file, and ask to explain this file. summarize this file or markdown. 
immediate responses (like hey alfred) 

---

improvements:
make ollama faster at processing commands
improve the systems checks on the side of the screen
voice dictation
give alfred a voice
add keyboard shortcut
add voice activiation "hey siri" 
adding memory

integrate more tools
    - gmail 
    - google sheets
    - google docs
    - weather
    - news
    - all trails

---

becoming an assistant
    better todos for the day
    planning my week
    top things this week
    integrating tools together
    giving more access to those tools to read and write (i.e. read this email, or reply to this email)


---

adding some quirks!!
hey alfred - should always respond with "hey kaylee, what's poppin"
add more unique / technically cool systems checks that actually work. one for cpu? one to make sure all apis and connections are actually working (backend, frontend, etc.)
adding more cool animations. like JARVIS

when i add voice to alfred, he has to be british. 

----

running the app:

run backend
cd app/backend
.\.venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
python -m uvicorn main:app --reload

run frontend
cd app/frontend
npm run dev

---
AI Model
ollama qwen2.5:3b

connecting ollama to alfred in progress
not connected to any tools inside alfred yet, but language is working


site: 
https://ollama.com/search

to run: 
ollama run qwen2.5:3b